[WIP] [DOCS] Add Nebari installation guides and getting-started as first directions (#45)
nebari-dev/nebari: docs/docs/started/installing-nebari.md

---
id: installing-nebari

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Installing Nebari
description: A guide to help you install Nebari for your project.
---
```

Reviewer 2: Suggestion - since Nebari is not installed on a per-project basis:

`A guide to help you install Nebari for your team.`

# Installing Nebari

A guide to help you install Nebari for your project.

> This installation guide provides the basic needs to install and deploy Nebari for the first time and assumes the user is already familiar with the Python package environment (for a quick tutorial on this topic please...). If you are already used to Nebari deployments steps and would like to check the advance configuration, feel free to skip to the "advanced-settings".

Reviewer: I think a paragraph on the difference between installing and deploying would be helpful. Include _where_ you install nebari and how that's different from where you deploy to.

> This installation guide provides the basic needs to install and deploy Nebari for the first time and assumes the user is already familiar with the Python package environment (for a quick tutorial on this topic please...). If you are already used to Nebari deployments steps and would like to check the advance configuration, feel free to skip to the "advanced-settings".

Reviewer: what does "installing" _do_? i.e. generally you run installation on your local machine which generates ... (a git repo?) ... this sets up infrastructure as code which you can then use CI to auto-deploy to your platform of choice ??

> This installation guide provides the basic needs to install and deploy Nebari for the first time and assumes the user is already familiar with the Python package environment (for a quick tutorial on this topic please...). If you are already used to Nebari deployments steps and would like to check the advance configuration, feel free to skip to the "advanced-settings".

Author: indeed, I am currently rewriting it to match this now.

> This installation guide provides the basic needs to install and deploy Nebari for the first time and assumes the user is already familiar with the [Conda](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/) and [Python packaging](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/installing-packages/#installing-packages) ecosystems. If you are already familiar to Nebari and would like to check the advance configuration, feel free to skip to "advanced-settings" section.

Reviewer: What is the advanced-setting section? Is it a future document?

Author: yup, future document. Just commented in there because:

> This installation guide provides the basic needs to install and deploy Nebari for the first time and assumes the user is already familiar with the [Conda](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/) and [Python packaging](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/installing-packages/#installing-packages) ecosystems. If you are already familiar to Nebari and would like to check the advance configuration, feel free to skip to "advanced-settings" section.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This installation guide provides basic instructions to install and deploy Nebari for the first time, and assumes you are already familiar with the [Conda](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/) and [Python packaging](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/installing-packages/#installing-packages) ecosystems. If you are already familiar with Nebari and would like information on advanced configuration options, feel free to skip to the "advanced-settings" section.
```

:::note

> This guide focus on installing Nebari for `Cloud` usage. For other instructions, please visit [deploying options](/started/deploy.md) for an overview of the available options and its respective installation steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide focus on installing Nebari for `Cloud` usage. For other alternatives, please visit [deploying options](/started/deploy.md) for an overview of the available options and their respective installation steps.
```

> This guide focus on installing Nebari for `Cloud` usage. For other instructions, please visit [deploying options](/started/deploy.md) for an overview of the available options and its respective installation steps.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This guide focuses on installing Nebari for cloud usage. For other instructions, please visit [deploying options](/started/deploy.md) for an overview of the available options and its respective installation steps.
```

:::

## Requirements

> Nebari heavily depends on [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) and a python ecosystem. The installation of the Terrraform binary is built in within Nebari source code and its is automatically downloaded during first execution. Currently, only `Linux` and `macOS` are supported, `Windows` only through the “Windows Subsystem for Linux” (see "WSL").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nebari heavily depends on [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) and a Python ecosystem. The installation of the Terraform binary is built in within the Nebari source code and it is automatically downloaded during the first execution. Currently, only `Linux` and `macOS` are supported.  `Windows` is only supported through the “Windows Subsystem for Linux” (see "WSL").
```

Reviewer: We have in the readme that Windows is not supported. Should that change to WSL like you've mentioned here?

Author: well... we are actually creating a linux inside Windows, so I think we should keep it the way it is ... we can talk more on this next DevEx meeting

Reviewer: Right, I meant to leave this as you have written and for me to go edit the readme so that it reads in a similar way. I'll make a note to discuss at our next meeting.

> Nebari heavily depends on [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) and a Python ecosystem. The installation of the Terraform binary is built in within the Nebari source code and it is automatically downloaded during the first execution. Currently, only `Linux` and `macOS` are supported. `Windows` is only supported through the “Windows Subsystem for Linux” (see "WSL").

Author: I changed the second point there to:
> For more details on Terraform and its dependencies, visit the [official Terraform documentation](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli)

As the user in theory should not need to install Terraform -- as Nebari does this automaticly

## How to install Nebari

There are two most accessible ways to install Nebari:

> You can install Nebari directly from the Python Package Index (PyPi) using pip. For most common architectures and platforms (`Linux x86-64` and `macOS x86-64`), Pip will download and install the most recent version available.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
First, you can install Nebari directly from the Python Package Index (PyPI) using `pip`. For most common architectures and platforms (`Linux x86-64` and `macOS x86-64`), `pip` will download and install the most recent version available.
```

```bash
    pip install nebari
```

> Nebari is also available at [conda-forge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/qhub) and can be installed using the conda package manager by running the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Second, Nebari is also available at [conda-forge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/qhub) and can be installed using the `conda` package manager by running the following command:
```
